.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH reclaim 1  "reclaim 0.1.0" 
.SH NAME
reclaim \- Simple CLI for Reclaim.ai tasks and events.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBreclaim\fR [\fB\-\-api\-key\fR] [\fB\-\-base\-url\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\-secs\fR] [\fB\-\-format\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] <\fIsubcommands\fR>
.SH DESCRIPTION
Simple CLI for Reclaim.ai tasks and events.
.PP
Set your API key with RECLAIM_API_KEY or pass \-\-api\-key.
Use \-\-format json when another tool/agent will parse the output.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-api\-key\fR \fI<API_KEY>\fR
Reclaim API key. Falls back to RECLAIM_API_KEY.
.RS
May also be specified with the \fBRECLAIM_API_KEY\fR environment variable. 
.RE
.TP
\fB\-\-base\-url\fR \fI<BASE_URL>\fR [default: https://api.app.reclaim.ai/api]
Reclaim API base URL.
.RS
May also be specified with the \fBRECLAIM_BASE_URL\fR environment variable. 
.RE
.TP
\fB\-\-timeout\-secs\fR \fI<TIMEOUT_SECS>\fR [default: 15]
HTTP timeout in seconds.
.RS
May also be specified with the \fBRECLAIM_TIMEOUT_SECS\fR environment variable. 
.RE
.TP
\fB\-\-format\fR \fI<FORMAT>\fR [default: human]
Output format.
.br

.br
[\fIpossible values: \fRhuman, json]
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.SH SUBCOMMANDS
.TP
reclaim\-list(1)
List tasks (active by default).
.TP
reclaim\-get(1)
Get one task by ID.
.TP
reclaim\-put(1)
Replace a task via PUT.
.TP
reclaim\-patch(1)
Partially update a task via PATCH.
.TP
reclaim\-delete(1)
Delete one task by ID.
.TP
reclaim\-events(1)
Manage calendar events.
.TP
reclaim\-create(1)
Create a new task.
.TP
reclaim\-help(1)
Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)
.SH EXTRA
Examples:
  reclaim list
  reclaim list \-\-all \-\-format json
  reclaim get 123
  reclaim patch 123 \-\-set priority=P4 \-\-set snoozeUntil=2026\-02\-25T17:00:00Z
  reclaim put 123 \-\-set priority=P2 \-\-set due=2026\-02\-28T17:00:00Z
  reclaim delete 123
  reclaim create \-\-title "Plan Q1 roadmap" \-\-priority P2 \-\-event\-category WORK
  reclaim events list \-\-start 2026\-02\-01 \-\-end 2026\-02\-28 \-\-format json
  reclaim events get 829105 r2d260ojiopn \-\-format json
  reclaim events create \-\-calendar\-id 829105 \-\-title "Team sync" \-\-start 2026\-02\-21T18:30:00Z \-\-end 2026\-02\-21T19:00:00Z
  reclaim events update \-\-calendar\-id 829105 \-\-event\-id r2d260ojiopn \-\-set priority=P4
  reclaim events delete \-\-calendar\-id 829105 \-\-event\-id r2d260ojiopn
  RECLAIM_API_KEY=... reclaim list

Agent\-friendly tip:
  Use \-\-format json for stable machine\-readable output and \-\-json/\-\-set for updates.
.SH VERSION
v0.1.0
